look at the size of that Rhino
what do you think guys
this is about as close as you're gonna
get without putting the saddle on it
okay
I tend I don't go any closer okay
because he's got a baby with her and how
far you reckon is away Mike about 50
meters that's very close he could cover
that ground in three to four seconds no
problem at all true wilderness
experience beautiful huge animal in that
direction the runoffs was my favorite
and a beautiful huge lump another animal
the buffalo on this side it really does
feel quite nerve-wracking in actual fact
I really don't like the look of this the
Buffalo are getting decidedly agitated
and are inching towards Ken and his team
come closer come closer come closer
Linds and Danny taking the protective
isn't on top you know we're gonna have
to move like the wind if we're going to
reach the team before the Buffalo and
come right up on my right the buffalos
attack yes
okay vehicles coming let's go come on
James Andy I want you in the fire beer
corker we're Nick okay rest of us in
this one
cause in our escape anymore
better painful decoration to say
we put a good half mile between us the
Rhino and the Buffalo we've dodged the
potentially lethal combination and you
kept control really well that's a scary
moment great job great job guys that was
just fantastic thank you too thanks for
the backup we needed it when the battle
I came in on such a broad front I was
really beginning to worry for you that's
as good a test as you ever give to
anybody isn't it yeah cuz you fighting a
war on two fronts looking one way
towards you know to know a half ton of
black round and with a baby and the
other way to past in some ways the more
unpredictable 50 Buffalo was just
extraordinary moment I've never been in
that position before ever extraordinary
and and seriously very dangerous you
must be very proud of your Rangers very
very proud I'm sure their hearts were
going in there and they kept control
even in the face of you know that big
big girl do you know someone said to me
you're a bit like a runner really horny
and you charge a lot